---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome!"
date:   2015-10-27
categories: site initial editorial
---

# A quick hi...

First and fore most, __welcome__ to my site. I have been kicking around the idea of spinning up a "blog" site for quite some time now and finally took the plunge. I am glad to say that aside from a bit of trouble with the social icons in the footer, everything has gone smoothly (they're SVG which I have worked very little with).

## Plans for the site

My main idea for the site, or at least where I see it starting from is to simply begin documenting my adventures in software development. In time I hope to add some editorial content but initially I'm most likely going to stick to steps that I took to complete 'X' task. So for instance I'm thinking the first "real" post will be about setting up `GitHub Pages` with `Jekyll`.

## A bit about me

As I'm sure you can tell from the site title my name is **Patrick Stachofsky**. I currently live is Kansas City, Kansas with my beautiful wife and two awesome (and a bit crazy) kids. We moved here almost 3 1/2 years ago from Denver, Colorado. We are having fun learning the area more and more, and of course trying to find the best BBQ in town. So far it's a tie between Gate's and Joe's KC (formally Oklahoma Joe's). 

<div class="side-note">
As I write this, the Kansas City Royals are locked in battle with the New York Mets in the first game of the World Series!
</div>

I grew up in the small-ish town of Greeley, Colorado and moved down to Denver just after the turn of the century. It was my job as a technical trainer that I had prior to leaving Greeley that re-sparked my interest in computers. I started playing with HTML and other early web technologies by making support tools and content for trainees. 

When I moved down to Denver I brought that interest with me so when I started working for Nextel (that was the phone with the walkie-talkie that chirped) doing customer service I started exploring VBA and MS Excel. It was at Nextel that I met my wife and moved up the food chain to front line supervisor. I also decided to get my Computer Science degree. Although with my wife also getting her BA and then Masters, adding two children to our family and working full time I unfortunately still have a bit more to go.

At the beginning of 2012 we decided that it was time for a change. My wife wanted to move closer to her sister, my mother-in-law needed some assistance, and we wanted to have our kids grow up close to their cousins. I landed a great job with Perceptive Software as a software engineer where I am still employed today, although we are now apart of Lexmark.

It has been a fun journey so far and I am excited for the rest. Our oldest just started kindergarden and our youngest will be taking starting that adventure next year. I am enjoying expanding my skills in creating software and look forward to sharing some of my trials and tribulations with you.

Thanks for reading and please feel free to shoot me an e-mail at <a href="mailto:{{ site.email }}">{{ site.email }}</a>